feature robot window (#4085)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/preferences.md

After changing the proxy configuration, it is recommended to restart Webots to ensure the changes are properly taken into account.
If you clear the **Hostname** field, Webots will try to retrieve the default system proxy on the next launch.

#### Web Services

> The **Web Services** section contains preferences about the URL of the simulation upload service and the web browser of the HTML robot window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Web Services** section contains preferences about the URL of the simulation upload service and the web browser used by the HTML robot windows.
```
